Small edits collecting data (#48)
bbdaniels/d4di: manuscript/chapters/data-collection.tex

in which reasons for \textbf{attrition}, treatment \textbf{contamination}, and
\textbf{loss to follow-up} can be documented --
\index{attrition}\index{contamination}

> are essential data components for completing CONSORT\marginnote{\textbf{CONSORT:} Add definition.} records.\cite{begg1996improving}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are essential data components for completing CONSORT\marginnote{\textbf{CONSORT:} a standardized system for reporting enrollment, intervention allocation, follow-up, and data analysis through the phases of a randomized trial of two groups.} records.\cite{begg1996improving}
```

will vary slightly from service to service.}
At that time, the service will allow you to download -- once --
the keyfile pair needed to decrypt the data.
You must download and store this in a secure location.\marginnote{
\textbf{LastPass} is a password manager whose free option
allows you to store passwords as well as small keyfiles like this.} 
Make sure you store keyfiles with descriptive names to match the survey to which it corresponds.
Any time you access the data - either when viewing it in browser or syncing it to your
computer - you will be asked to provide this keyfile. It could differ between the software,
but typically you would copy that keyfile from where it is stored (for example LastPass)
to your desktop, point to it, and the rest is automatic.
After each time you use the keyfile, delete it from your desktop,
but not from your password manager.

Finally, you should ensure that all teams take basic precautions
to ensure the security of data, as most problems are due to human error.
Most importantly, all computers, tablets, and accounts used

> \textit{must} have a logon password associated with them. Ideally, the machines themselves should also be encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{must} have a logon password associated with them. 
Ideally, the machine hard drives themselves should also be encrypted.
```

and soft confirmations or validation questions.

These features allow you to spend more time

> looking for issues that the software cannot check auotmatically.\sidenote{\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/wiki/Monitoring_Data_Quality}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
looking for issues that the software cannot check automatically.\sidenote{\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/wiki/Monitoring_Data_Quality}}
```
